gpg: add --full-generate-key example (#6195)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/gpg.md

> See `gpg2` for GNU Privacy Guard 2.
> More information: <https://gnupg.org>.

> - Create a GPG public and private key with an interactive creator:

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
- Create a GPG public and private key interactively:
```
